📝 add an example for Browser SDK proxies (#19159)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/guide/proxy-rum-data.md

The Datadog intake origin corresponding to your site parameter should be defined in your proxy implementation.

> Example: with a `site` set to `datadoghq.eu` and a `proxy` set to `https://example.org/datadog-intake-proxy`, the SDK will send requests to an URL looking like this: `https://example.org/datadog-intake-proxy?ddforward=%2Ffoo%2Fv2%2Fbar%3Fbaz%3D1`. The proxy will need to forward the request to the URL `https://browser-intake-datadoghq.eu/foo/v2/bar?baz=1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, with a `site` set to `datadoghq.eu` and a `proxy` set to `https://example.org/datadog-intake-proxy`, the RUM Browser SDK sends requests to an URL that looks this: `https://example.org/datadog-intake-proxy?ddforward=%2Ffoo%2Fv2%2Fbar%3Fbaz%3D1`. The proxy will need to forward the request to the URL `https://browser-intake-datadoghq.eu/foo/v2/bar?baz=1`.
```
